Alarm & Suppression, Inc. provides sales, installation, service, and inspection of fire alarm, fire suppression, fire extinguishers, kitchen hood, security and many other electronic systems in the northeastern part of the State of New York and the State of Vermont. Our experienced team will work with you to design, install, and maintain the perfect system to fit your commercial or industrial properties. Keep your building, business, and employees safe and secure with systems from Alarm & Suppression.

To learn more about our products, browse our website or contact us.
Alarm & Suppression, Inc. provides sales, installation, service, and inspection of fire alarm, fire suppression, fire extinguishers, kitchen hood, security and many other electronic systems in the northeastern part of the State of New York and the State of Vermont. Our experienced team will work with you to design, install, and maintain the perfect system to fit your commercial or industrial properties. Keep your building, business, and employees safe and secure with systems from Alarm & Suppression.

To learn more about our products, browse our website or contact us.
Contact us using the below contact information:

Phone: 518.399.5110 

Fax: 518.399.8702

 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
When it comes to protecting people and property, Alarm & Suppression has been proudly serving the local community for over twenty years. As a locally owned and operated business we have the knowledge and flexibility to provide system support from design to service to inspection. Our trained staff provides 24x7 technical support and service.

Alarm & Suppression has the pleasure of representing some of the top brands in the industry; NOTIFIER by Honeywell, FIKE Systems, BOSCH Security, KANTECH Access Control, plus many others. We can work with you to provide sales and design services, submittal packages, project management, and commissioning testing for multiple system products.

The Alarm & Suppression service team are capable of providing all your system service & inspection needs. Our Factory trained service team has over 100 years of combined experience in the delivery, service, and support of fire and security systems. Let us work with you to tailor a service & inspection package that meets your needs.

We Want To Be Your Local Service & Inspection Provider.
The new location, just off Northway Exit-10, provides A&S with much needed expanded office and stock/warehouse area. Frank Clair, A&S CEO, stated that “with the recent growth of the business and addition of staff over the past year we just need more space. We now have everyone on one floor and all our material in one location, which allows us to perform at a much more efficient level. The Exit-10 location is also convenient for our staff and customers”. Please contact Alarm & Suppression for more information or to schedule a visit to our new location.

New Address and Information: Alarm & Suppression, Inc.

331 Ushers Road, Suite #3 

Ballston Lake, New York 12019 

Phone: 518.399.5110 

Fax: 518.399.8702 

Email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. 

Web: www.alarmandsuppression.com
If you are ready to learn more or if our services can help you with your next project please contact us.
Contact us using the below contact information:

Phone: 518.399.5110 

Fax: 518.399.8702

 This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Alarm & Suppression is pleased to offer the latest in fire alarm technology, using modern microprocessor-based fire alarm control panels and advanced intelligent addressable fire detection. This new technology can improve performance, provide exact location and status of devices, reduce testing and maintenance costs, and allow for phased upgrades. Alarm & Suppression can provide new systems, upgrade an existing system, or service everything from basic conventional systems to advanced network graphics.

We offer our customers services including; project management, system design and layout, installation, programming, testing, certification, customer training, warranty and maintenance.

Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your Fire Alarm System requirements.
Alarm & Suppression offers a complete line of Fire Suppression products ranging from Clean Agent and Inert Gas Systems, High/Low Pressure CO2, Water Mist, Foam, and Dry Chemical Systems. Every hazard is different and requires specialized design and products for the specific hazard. Alarm & Suppression can provide new systems, upgrade an existing system, or service everything from basic conventional releasing systems to advanced addressable multi-hazard systems.

We offer our customers services including; project management, system design and layout, installation, programming, testing, certification, customer training, warranty and maintenance.

Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your Fire Suppression System requirements.
Alarm & Suppression is a full line authorized fire extinguisher dealer who sells and services all types of fire extinguishers. We offer everything for 2.5, 5, and 10 lbs extinguishers to specialty units including industrial wheeled units, MRI non-magnetic clean agent extinguishers, heavy duty vehicle extinguishers and marine/watercraft fire extinguishers.

Testing, Service, and Maintenance is a large part of what Alarm & Suppression does to service our customers. Our extensive reporting and scheduling system leaves customers with thorough inspection reports and on-time inspections. Leave it to us to call you and schedule your annual inspection a month ahead of time or choose our “automatic service” which leave you stress free knowing we will show up automatically.

Alarm & Suppression technicians are outfitted with service vehicles which are stocked with all the necessary accessories that a fire extinguisher may need. Accessories include signs, bag covers, brackets, and of course replacement fire extinguishers.

Fire extinguishers are the first line of defense against any type of fire. This is why proper maintenance of fire extinguishers is so important and not only recommended but required.

Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your Fire Extinguisher requirements.

How to properly use a Fire Extinguisher
At Alarm and Suppression we know running any food operation efficiently and profitably is a never ending job. Let Alarm and Suppression take the weight off your shoulders by providing you with the best in the industry - installation and service of all of your kitchen hood, fire suppression system needs.

Our factory trained Ansul and Denlar technicians perform a full safety analysis to ensure your system is properlly installed and functioning to the manufacturers specification, as well as to meet local code standards. With Alarm and Suppression you can rest at ease knowing that your system will recieve its bi-annual inspection seemlessly scheduled as to not interfere with your day to day operations.

Our inspection reports are a top down analysis of your system to include 100% compliance, or Identify any defficiencies and or recommendations required to bring your system back to fully operational mode at the conclusion of our inspection.

Deficency problem? No problem. Alarm and Suppressions professional team of technicians cary with them all of the tools and parts necesary to get you back up and running so your business stays safe, and does not suffer.

So whether you are fully running, expanding, or just getting started in your kitchen operations. Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your Kitchen Fire Suppression System requirements.
Alarm & Suppression is pleased to offer some of the highest quality security products on the market today. Security today has evolved into a hybrid of intrusion security, access control, and CCTV. A&S has the products to provide individual solutions or a whole integrated security system.

We offer our customers services including; project management, system design and layout, installation, programming, testing, certification, customer training, warranty and maintenance.

Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your Security (intrusion, access, CCTV) requirements.
Alarm & Suppression is pleased to offer a host of “other” products including intercom systems, door entry, emergency call systems, nurse call systems, specialized gas detection, public address systems, and many others. These systems play a vital role in communicating off-normal or emergency conditions to the people within a building and responders.

We offer our customers services including; project management, system design and layout, installation, programming, testing, certification, customer training, warranty and maintenance.

Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your “Other Systems” needs (intercom, door entry, emergency call, nurse call, gas detection, public address).
Alarm & Suppression is pleased to offer instillation, testing, certification, service, and inspections on the latest in Fire Alarm, Fire Suppression, Kitchen Suppression, Security, and other electronic systems.
• : A&S partners with some of the area’s top electrical contractors to provide complete turn-key system(s) installation.
• : A&DS provides acceptance testing, and certification (re-certification) of life safety systems to meet code requirements.
• : A&S provides service on everything we sell, plus many other electronic systems. We can provide contract service, T&M service or 24/7 service/technical support to our customers.
• : A&S offers complete system inspection services and documentation. We use Building Reports inspection software. Inspection services include; system inspection, functional testing, device cleaning, and documentation.
• : A&S uses Rapid Response Monitoring based out of Syracuse, New York as our UL Central Station. When your alarm is triggered Rapid Response’s trained operators will identify your response plan and initiate emergency instructions with your local fire authority, and additional authorized emergency contacts.

Our team of highly experienced technical staff and NICET certified Technicians, are always available to assist customers with support and service of your life safety system. We offer our customers services including; project management, system design and layout, installation, programming, testing, certification, customer training, warranty and maintenance.

Contact Alarm & Suppression for all of your Service requirements.
Alarm & Suppression is committed to disclosing information regarding the use of personal information and website visitor privacy as described in this privacy statement.

This privacy statement covers information collection, information use and user privacy for the Alarm & Suppression website: www.alarmandsuppression.com.

This site uses analytics software to determine page view times, geographic location, and other information to improve the quality of the website. This information is anonymous and does not contain personal data of any type.

The only method of collecting personally identifiable information is through the contact form or direct email. Both of these methods are opt-in only and are collected if you fill out and submit the contact form or submit an email requesting information or contact by Alarm & Suppression.

Your personally identifiable information is never sold with any third party and is only used for Alarm & Suppression representatives to contact you. It may also shared with A&S vendors and manufactures to determine pricing or technical options to your request.
Alarm & Suppression, Inc. (“A&S”) maintains this website ("Website") for informational purposes only and use of this Website is governed exclusively by these terms and conditions ("Terms"). By using this Website, you acknowledge that you have read, accept, and will be bound by, these Terms. A&S reserves the right to make modifications and amendments to these Terms at any time.

A&S provides links to third party websites for your convenience. A&S does not operate or control the information on these third party websites and disclaims any and all responsibility for the content and provides no warranties of any kind concerning third party websites.

A&S provides third party content on this Website for your convenience. This content includes, but is not limited to, videos, documents, presentations, graphics and media. A&S is not the originator of the third party content and disclaims any and all responsibility to the timeliness, accuracy and completeness of third party content and provides no warranties of any kind concerning third party content.

A&S makes every attempt to ensure information contained on this Website is up to date and accurate when issued however, A&S assumes no liability or responsibility to the timeliness, accuracy and completeness of this Website. All use of information on this Website is at your own risk.

Personal data transmitted by email or through the contact form shall be governed by the Privacy Statement.

This Website, including copy, graphics, images, video, audio, animation, software, applications and all other works are copyrighted by A&S. This excludes third party content or links to third party websites.

A&S ASSUMES NO LIABILITY AND SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE FUNCTIONALITY, CONTENT OR INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE. AFT RESERVES THE RIGHT TO AMMEND OR CHANGE THIS WEBSITE, WITHOUT NOTICE AT ANY TIME. AFT DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION, COPY, GRAPHICS, MEDIA, VIDEOS, SEARCH RESULTS, LINKS, OR OTHER ITEMS CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE. ALL CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS ALL RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY MALWARE OR VIRUSES CONTAINED WITHIN FILES ON THIS WEBSITE OR FROM THIRD PARTY LINKS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER.

These Terms constitute the entire and only agreement between A&S and you and supersedes any and all prior agreements, representations, warranties, and understandings concerning this Website.
If you are ready to learn more or if our services can help you with your next project please contact us.
If you are ready to learn more or if our services can help you with your next project please contact us.
