Many industries have unique risks and challenges. With decades of experience and our broad range of technologies and services, Firetrol Protection Systems is the right partner where individually tailored solutions are required.
Firetrol continually strives to set ourselves apart by being different; by being better. One way we do this is embracing diversity and inclusion.

We embrace our differences – we come from diverse backgrounds, beliefs and experiences. Our differences make us better – we give respect, we work hard, we demand excellence and reward performance, and we have fun in the process.

We recognize that our differences infuse energy, creativity and teamwork into each other, our customers and our communities. We strive to build our business on principles of respect and care for others – financial success will follow because each person contributes something unique and valuable. We accomplish more together, not in spite of our differences, but because of them!
Firetrol Protection Systems - Your Approved TXMAS Contractor for Fire Protection and Life Safety Services

With over 37 years of experience, Firetrol Protection Systems is a full-service fire protection and life safety company that provides the best design, installation, repair, service, and inspections in the industry.

Our Company focuses on the two major fire protection and life safety segments: suppression systems and alarm and detection systems. We have the technical expertise and resources to design, install, inspect, test, maintain and service all fire protection and life safety systems.



What this partnership means to the customer:
• One source for all fire and life safety needs

As an approved TXMAS contractor, Firetrol Protection Systems offers a convenient, hassle free resource. With district offices strategically located throughout Texas, Firetrol Protection Systems can service all TXMAS facilities across the state with just one call.
Firetrol Protection Systems, Inc., provides installation, maintenance, and related services for security systems and life safety systems. Products include, but are not limited to: security, access control platforms, CCTV platforms, and emergency alert/mass notification systems. Contracts may be used by state and local government, public education, other public entities in Texas, as well as public entities outside the state. Resellers are not available for this Vendor.
• Contact your local Firetrol Sales Representative or request a quote via email.
• Generate a Purchase Order (PO) made payable to Firetrol Protection Systems, Inc. (You must reference the DIR Contract Number DIR-CPO-4501 on your PO)
• Email or fax your PO and quote form to your designated vendor sales representative.



 Contact Information

 Email: TexasDIR@firetrol.net

 Phone: (512) 687-0115

 Fax: (480) 452-0402

 

 Warranty and Return Policy​​​

 Seller agrees that for a period of one (1) year after completion of said service it will, at its expense, repair or replace defective materials or workmanship supplied or performed during this service/repair by Seller. Upon completion of the service work, the system will be turned over to the Purchaser fully inspected, tested, and in operative condition. As it is thereafter the responsibility of the Purchaser to maintain it in operative condition, it is understood that the Seller does not guarantee the operation of the system. Seller further warrants the products of other manufacturers supplied hereunder, to the extent of the warranty of the respective manufacturer but no longer than one-year. ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OF FITNESS OR OTHERWISE ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED.

 

 Visit the Texas DIR website to view the entire detail for Contract DIR-CPO-4501.
At Firetrol, our people come first. We could not provide industry-leading life safety solutions, integrated systems and facility support, or great customer service without our employees.

Our people are our most valuable resource, so we strive to provide the best benefits in the industry. We offer top rated, low cost health care for the whole family, with discounts to promote healthy lifestyles. We provide no-cost life insurance and disability coverage, with supplemental buy-up options. In addition, our Employee Assistance Program helps employees and their families with counseling services, ID theft restoration and other wellness resources.

We strive to create an environment where people want to spend the rest of their careers. We take a long-term view by investing in training and career development, along with offering a generous match and immediate vesting on our 401k retirement plan.

If we want people to give their best while at work, they must be able to balance that with life outside of work. That’s why we offer up to 5 weeks of paid time off, including vacation, PTO, and Holidays.

From our field employees, working daily to install, service and maintain critical life safety systems, to our sales and design professionals continually learning new products and solutions, to our support staff, working tirelessly behind the scenes…it’s our employees – our team – that makes Firetrol different, and makes Firetrol better.

With all of these programs, we hope to support our people through any challenge and give them peace of mind knowing they work for a company that cares.
Trust Our Experts to Inspect Your Fire Protection and Life Safety Systems

Fire protection and life safety systems are required to be inspected by licensed personnel in accordance with national and local codes, authorities having jurisdiction, underwriters and other regulatory authorities.

Our teams of licensed inspectors are able to perform all of the necessary tests to ensure your system is working as intended and provide you with the documentation and history necessary to satisfy regulatory requirements and provide peace of mind that your fire protection and life safety systems are working properly. This is why we offer the ability to access your current and historical information digitally via our ServiceTrade Portal so you always have this information when you need it most. We also provide options that can generate reports that are designed to meet specific requirements, such as JACO, FM Global and others.
Because we are not an equipment manufacturer, Firetrol Protection Systems provides unbiased recommendations for the system that will best protect your people and facilities. Our customers receive the highest level of protection without the need to commit to a service provider that only offers proprietary equipment and software. We work with a wide variety of distributors.
Flexible, scalable solutions that give you options and control

Because we are not an equipment manufacturer, Firetrol Protection Systems provides unbiased recommendations for the system that will best protect your people and facilities. This allows us to provide our customers with the highest level of protection available without the need to commit to a service provider that only offers proprietary equipment and software. Firetrol Protection Systems represents a full range of respected independent manufacturers of alarm and detection solutions, including:
Firetrol recognizes that many for many of our clients, the impact of business disruption to a clients communications, data or critical infrastructure can often pose a greater risk to their business than a fire itself. We strive to minimize this risk by providing a complete range of fire suppression options to our clients so the best overall approach can be provided for any application. Comprehensive solutions from suppressing fires with inert gases, clean chemical agents or water-mist can be specified, designed and installed to meet your businesses specific needs using technologies such as:
Firetrol maintains a staff of dedicated professionals that are trained and certified to design, install and maintain fire protection that allow us to bring value from the inception of our clients projects with budgeting, conceptual design, and code compliance/review. These steps build the foundation for successful projects by making sure that budgets are met, schedules are maintained and occupancy is approved by the governing authorities. Once installed, we continue to provide support to our team by providing the inspections, maintenance, and service necessary to ensure that the system is in good working order and provide the documentation you need to confirm that your facility is in compliance.
Firetrol recognizes that most customers do not need Enterprise level solutions due to their physical size of facilities, size of budgets and/or needed features. To this end, Firetrol has developed an entire small business sector within our Integrated Security line. These small business systems allows customers’ the ability to acquire solid security technology that is appropriate for their needs at a reduced cost. To support the small business applications, Firetrol has partnered with the following manufacturers to cater to the needs of this sector:
Many industries have unique risks and challenges. With decades of experience and our broad range of technologies and services, Firetrol Protection Systems is the right partner where individually tailored solutions are required.
Systems you can count on

Firetrol Protection Systems has extensive experience in providing full service support for the solutions and services that the Healthcare Industry requires. We recognize the that Life Safety is more than just fire protection, and we offer a wide range of integrated life safety solutions ranging from Access Control and Video Monitoring to Infant Security and Nurse Call systems. We provide service, maintenance and inspection solutions geared towards the Joint Commission requirements and provide customer reporting options to assist customers during their surveys. From Engineering and FEED services to turnkey delivery of fire protection, life safety and integrated systems thru maintenance and emergency response, Firetrol delivers, every time.
Our industrial clients experience a common need; to have reliable protection from a dependable partner that understands how to adapt to their operational requirements. To Firetrol, this means that we must constantly invest in our personnel and technology to provide the best solutions available to meet the specialized and changing demands of our clients.
Our government clients experience a common need; to have reliable protection and ongoing service support from a dependable partner that understands how to adapt to their operational needs. To Firetrol, this means that we must constantly invest in our personnel and technology to provide the best solutions available to meet the specialized and changing demands of our clients.
Firetrol Protection Systems understands that ensuring the integrity of your clients' data goes beyond cybersecurity, it also requires stringent physical security measures. We have the solution for your critical security needs. We optimize and integrate security management functions across your business and facilities. Our professionals can meet all your specialized security needs by integrating the specific technologies to meet the application:
Considerations for your school or university

At Firetrol Protection Systems, we have focused on understanding and addressing the challenges that institutions incur with the constantly changing safety and security needs of educational facilities. This is why Firetrol Protection Systems has partnered with leading manufactures of IP based paging, intercom and mass notification systems systems that leverage the latest digital and mobile technologies to address todays education environments.

Furthermore, Firetrol Protection Systems can integrate the various specialty security, video analytics and threat detection applications utilized in education institutions to provide a comprehensive solutions that offers the best level of protection and threat detection
Firetrol Protection Systems is a service organization, first and foremost. Our goal is to be ready and equipped when a building engineer, property manager or owner calls with a need. Each office is set up with the appropriate resources and infrastructure to ensure our commercial business partners’ needs are met timely and completely. From our inventory-stocked warehouses, to our 24 hour on call services, to our multi-licensed technicians, and everything in between, Firetrol has established a system whereby our commercial property partners’ needs are the priority.

Firetrol Protection Systems provides services which greatly enhance the customer experience for our commercial property partners, such as assigned, designated Sales Representative for each property to work directly with the building engineers and property managers in addressing any life safety need. Designated service departments with multi-licensed technicians & inspectors who ensure that life safety systems and inspections are addressed timely and completely by a single source. Furthermore we have design and construction departments that can assist with tenant finishes and improvements as well as new construction, allowing continuity to flow through all aspects of a property manager or owners life safety program
Firetrol Protection Systems district offices are strategically located in the American South and Southwest's major metro areas. Select one of the locations on the map to contact the Firetrol a district office most convenient for you.

