Staying up-to-date on all of the exciting and innovative solutions in Security can be a difficult task. Paladin is here to help you navigate the ever changing world of Security so that you can focus on protecting your most valuable assets and growing your business. We offer a comprehensive portfolio of Security solutions including: Intrusion, Access Control, Traditional Analog and IP-based CCTV, Door and Gate Intercoms, Visitor Management, Crisis Management Solutions, and Apartment Entry Systems. With a dedicated and experienced staff of certified in-house installers and technicians, Paladin offers a complete turnkey solution to meet your Security needs.
Staying up-to-date on all of the exciting and innovative solutions in Security can be a difficult task. Paladin is here to help you navigate the ever changing world of Security so that you can focus on protecting your most valuable assets and growing your business. We offer a comprehensive portfolio of Security solutions including: Intrusion, Access Control, Traditional Analog and IP-based CCTV, Door and Gate Intercoms, Visitor Management, Crisis Management Solutions, and Apartment Entry Systems. With a dedicated and experienced staff of certified in-house installers and technicians, Paladin offers a complete turnkey solution to meet your Security needs.
Paladin can service all of your Paging and Mass Notification needs. Over the past 20 years, we have provided expert solutions for many different applications.

At schools and places of education, Paladin offers a variety of communications systems. Simple one-way audio paging can notify staff of any building-wide needs. More elaborate two-way systems allow communication between instructors and the office staff by using emergency call-in buttons in the classrooms.

We can also integrate paging systems with virtually any third-party system for applications such as Fire Department Dispatch, or building-wide emergency alert systems.

For multi-location warehouses of manufacturing facilities, Paladin can provide IP-based paging systems. These allow zoned paging to either a single facility/area, or to the entire complex to notify employees of emergency situations.

Call today to schedule a walk-through of your facility!
In our first step a representative will visit your site and meet with you to gather information. This analysis includes a conversation about how your organization will utilize the facility. Because no two organizations use audio, or video in exactly the same way, this first step is critical to the proper design of your system.

Topics covered will include project scope, budget, and goals. You will be offered suggestions based on our experience with projects we have completed in the past, and technologies we recommend to be considered as part of your scope. A complete review of your facility will be made, and notes will be included to aid in the development of the correct solution for you.



The Facility Evaluation Stage

Our technical team will evaluate your facility and the results from the site survey. This evaluation will include the physical characteristics that may affect the cost or effectiveness of the solution we propose.

The facility evaluation helps our customers understand costs and the technology choices for their specific project.



The Design and Proposal Stage

Our audio video engineering team will generate a functional custom design that addresses your specific needs within the budget discussed during the site visit. The quotation will detail the solution offered and the price. It will also include information about equipment and services offered. Our sales and engineering team will answer any questions that you may have regarding the design and functionality of the system.

Your proposal will contain the details on all of the important information regarding your new audio video system. Once you approve and return the signed quotation, our installation and support team will begin equipment orders and scheduling details with you.



The Support and Service Stage

At the conclusion of your project, the installation team will provide training to insure the proper use of your new system. Paladin can also provide retraining upon request at an additional cost or as part of a service agreement.

Paladin is a full- service provider offering ongoing service contracts featuring preventative maintenance and all levels of support. You will be pleased with the professionalism of our staff and their dedication to keeping your system operating at the highest level. We stand ready to meet your needs.

Our professional team is ready to provide the best solution for your facility.

The right equipment in Conference Rooms, Huddle Spaces, and Technology Meeting Rooms can help boost collaboration between different offices/departments, streamline processes and improve productivity.

Paladin can meet all of your Conference Room needs from your smallest huddle space to a large divisible conference space. We offer a large selection of display types including LED TV’s and large Video Walls, as well as many types of projectors, from DLP to Laser. Along with that, Paladin carries many styles of projection screens to meet your functional and aesthetic needs.

Paladin offers many audio and video conferencing solutions to help with off-site collaboration and off-site meeting attendance. Our certified programmers, installers and designers can create a control system to automate and control devices in your room such as displays, lighting, and shade control all from the touch of a button on one of our wired or wireless controllers. Paladin can also make your system flexible so that any device such as an old laptop with a VGA connection, a new laptop with HDMI, and even your smartphone or tablet can connect to your system. We even offer IP, HDbaseT, and wireless video transmission capabilities.

Are you ready to update that old outdated conference room?

We are here to help design and install everything you need. Call Paladin today!
Taking Stadium Sound to the Next Decibel

Outdoor sports facility operators may feel like their backs are up against a wall in terms of providing fans with intelligible sound. There are many factors that must be addressed including the size of the venue, location, and its acoustical quirks, as well as varying weather conditions. Each aspect will impact a sound system's design.

The audio components specified for outdoor applications must not only control what gets into them (rain, snow, pests) but what comes out of them, and managing sound in open-air venues presents challenges not faced with indoor sports applications. Temperature gradients can literally change with the wind and steer sound in any direction in an instant. This is a particular problem during night football games, as cool fall air sits over surface-level air that has been warmed all day by the sun.

Even in ideal weather conditions, sound will never be able to keep up with its video board counterpart - light - in terms of speed of travel. In a stadium that also has a video scoreboard, the proper design will synchronize the audio with your video. One solution uses a distributed system, speakers are located much closer to where the audience is seated.

Every stadium sound design is as unique as the stadium itself, and each comes with its own considerations. Budget for the project is also a consideration when planning a new sound system. 

 

 Our design team can develop a stadium and athletic field sound system that will be a complete audio solution for your stadium.

Stadium systems are designed by Paladin engineers as a custom solution for your specific needs and budget.

We can develop an outdoor stadium solution that delivers a consistent high-performance sound ideal for play-by-play announcements where vocal clarity and wide coverage is essential. Based on you budget, your system can be designed with high quality audio from simple voice projection to more sophisticated systems that provide clear intelligibility and music reproduction to spectators in all seating areas as well as the middle of the field, providing long throw coverage from anywhere in the stadium.

Paladin uses a wide variety of the best stadium speaker manufacturers such as Electro Voice, JBL, Atlas Sound and Community Loudspeakers to provide solutions to fit your needs and your facility. Speakers can be mounted on your press box, lighting poles and scoreboards.

The Paladin Team has worked on a wide variety of stadium venues and has extensive experience implementing custom Sound Systems in school stadiums for K through 12 and collegiate institutions as well as professional stadiums across the state of Ohio.

A wide variety of installations range from a simple headend upgrade consisting of wireless microphones, a DSP for processing and an upgraded power amplifier to push existing speakers to their maximum, or a full system setup of new high-powered speakers to provide the best sound coverage needed to give the entire crowd the performance they want.

No matter the size or configuration of the venue, small or large, the Paladin Team has a proven track record and expertise installing custom audio systems. Let our team provide a quality solution for your venue.
Sound Masking is ambient background sound engineered to match the frequency of human speech for greater speech privacy. The current technology on Sound Masking does not cancel sound or eliminate all speech noise in an environment; it reduces how far away conversations can be heard and understood by others, called the radius of distraction.

Adding Sound Masking to a space actually makes the space seem quieter. It sounds counter-intuitive but it’s true. The added sound reduces the intelligibility of human speech. When you can’t understand what someone is saying, their words are less distracting — in fact, you probably don’t even notice them.

Sound Masking also makes a building seem quieter by raising the ambient noise level of an environment and making speech noise less intelligible and therefore less distracting.
Paladin has been providing Fire Alarm installations and service in the Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio areas for over 30 years. Our Team’s excellence within the Notifier product line has allowed us to be selected as a Notifier Premier Dealer. This selection is based on Paladin having the Highest Level of Commitment to Training, Industry Knowledge, Customer Service, and Support.

Paladin works with the Engineering community in specifying and designing Fire Alarm Systems. As our client needs grow and develop, Paladin also provides customized designs and specifications for them. Paladin provides specialized designs in Graphical Interfaces, Voice Communications, Multi-Criteria Detection, Gas Detection, Air Sampling Detection, IP Dialers, Linear Heat Detection, Wireless Detection, and Hazardous Locations.

In addition to the services listed above, Paladin works with our customers when it is time to retrofit a failing system. This type of service can be provided for any existing Fire Alarm manufacturer you may currently have in your facility. This also includes any Johnson Controls (JCI) Migrations.



Let our Team of Professionals help you with all of your detection needs.
Paladin strives to provide their customers with the most up to date and code compliant equipment that is being utilized in today’s markets. We have found that Area of Rescue Two-Way Communication Systems are becoming increasingly prominent in a variety of new construction and existing retrofits.

Two-Way Communication Systems are designed to provide a location for building occupants, who may be physically impaired and cannot evacuate without assistance, to be able to assemble by an exit or other dedicated location and await assistance or instructions by the first responders.

According to the Ohio Building Code Section 1007.8, Two-Way Communication Systems shall be provided in the elevator landing on each accessible floor that is one or more stories above or below the story of exit discharge. This requirement applies to all new construction buildings, regardless of use, occupancy, and the existence of a sprinkler system, as well as buildings receiving extensive renovations.

Paladin has been providing a variety of Two-Way Communication solutions in the Cleveland and Columbus, Ohio area for the last 27 years, and will gladly assist you with all of your Area of Rescue Two-Way Communication System needs.
Is your facility prepared for emergency situations? During an emergency, reliable radio signal coverage is absolutely critical to every first responder!

In many buildings, radio signals are adversely affected due to factors such as low-e glass, concrete, metal, RF interference, and below ground structures. Any of these can cause poor in-building radio signal coverage and/or dead spots.





If emergency first responders lose communications, the result can be deadly. Firefighters, EMS, law enforcement officers, and other first responders all rely on two-way radios for communication in everyday operations.



The International Fire Code (IFC) and the NFPA both require an “approved level of radio coverage.”

• None Traditional Analog Phone (POTS) Lines are going away!

Paladin can help reduce your monthly operating costs with the installation of a new LTE Cellular/IP Communicator to your new or existing Fire Alarm or Security System. The professionals at Paladin can install this new technology that will save you thousands per year, by eliminating the two basic phone lines to your Fire Alarm or Security panel.

On average, monthly expenses of two dedicated phone lines is $170 per month. Switching to a LTE Cellular/IP Communicator provides annual total savings of over $2,000 direct to your bottom line per year!
Effective February 1, 2021, ONYX FirstVision will transition to the Windows 10 operating system. This change affects all shipments of ONYX FirstVision (part number FIRSTVISION-LCD) on or after February 1, 2021.

 

 Please note that legacy FirstVision units using Windows 7 or Windows XP operating systems are not upgradable to Windows 10. Sites which require the Windows 10 operating system should purchase a new FirstVision unit on or after February 1, 2021.

 

 Additionally, with the transition to the Windows 10 operating system, part number LCD-WIN7-UG will be discontinued effective January 31, 2021.
Intrusion Alarm Systems have multiple components including: software, controllers, and a variety of detection devices. As a system, an Intrusion Alarm provides automatic alerts when physical events or activities violate security protocols. The alarms can be monitored in real time by on-site facility personnel or can be monitored by a Central Station. Facilities that are monitored by a certified Central Station will be notified via phone, email, and/or SMS text message if any security violation occurs.

The key security detection devices can incorporate a wide variety of technologies which include: basic Contacts, Motion Sensors, Glass Break Detectors, and Photo Beam Detectors. More advanced devices can measure detected areas thermal signatures.

An Intrusion System can integrate with your Fire Safety Alarm, Security, Access Control and business security cameras/surveillance (CCTV) systems.

Paladin can design a system to accommodate a wide range of needs, from small facilities to large partitioned systems.

Since 1990, Paladin has protected facilities of all types throughout Ohio in commercial, corporate, retail, utilities, sporting venues, house of worship, municipalities, health care, warehousing and correctional.

Our team of trained and certified professionals is ready to help design a custom solution for you!
Our integrated systems can offer many features such as: emergency buttons, using video to complement the two-way audio, unlocking doors, opening parking gates or displaying key information. End users may have cards or Bluetooth credentials which can be integrated with your building’s Access Control System, along with the Intercom so video and audio can be directed where you need it. Some of our new systems offer the ability to call outside telephone numbers, often eliminating the need and expense of standard telephone lines.

Paladin’s network-based Telephone Entry Systems provide an “One Solution Product Line” that integrate Telephone Entry, Access Control, and Gate Entry Systems into one simple solution for our customers. This type of solution provides our clients the ability to add a new resident to each of these systems with one simple software database. In today’s world, everyone wants tasks done quickly and efficiently and that is what our solution provides. Paladin understands our client’s needs! You can rely on our extensive knowledge in residential applications. We use this extensive knowledge base to guide our clients into a solution that best fit their needs and also addresses the ever changing work force. Managing one easy-to-operate system offers the best solution for our customers’ long term satisfaction.

Our Team looks forward to applying our knowledge and expertise for your project.
24/7 Thermal Coverage Plus the Benefit of Forensic Data!

Rotating at speeds up to 60 RPM, the LWIR camera stitches together a composite image of up to 20 “virtual” cameras creating a 360° HD thermal image. Using any Ethernet-ready device, an operator can easily view the image in near real time.

Thermal Radar operates as a fully self-contained unit providing its own power, communications, connectivity, analytics and alert monitoring. It can also be fully integrated into existing infrastructure and Video Management Systems.

Simple, easy to use analytics allow the user to quickly identify intrusions over the entire 360° FOV. Once an alert has been identified, Thermal Radar can send notifications along with map coordinates and JPEG images to a dispatch service or other alert management tool.

Unlike Radar or other active surveillance systems, Thermal Radar is completely passive, rendering it invisible and impossible to detect.
During any time of a crisis situation in a school, Every Second Counts!

Paladin can help your school campus with integrated systems to improve security, shorten response times, and expand communication and awareness.

What Does Security Touch? Security touches your IT, Facilities, Emergency Response, Procedures, Administration, and Law Enforcement/first responders.

Has your security plan included a layered approach that addresses an Outside-In vulnerability measurement?

Paladin can help you to develop a holistic security solution for your school campus. Technology that can help improve your campus in key critical areas: property perimeter, parking lots, building perimeter, video surveillance, visitor control, classroom access, and emergency notification.
Can you say with 100% certainty, all of your cameras in your Video Surveillance Network are running right now?

If you don’t know if your Video Surveillance System is at risk, you could be the next statistic.

You are not alone, according to research more than 87% of companies have identified cybersecurity as a major risk, and Forbes estimated $6 trillion in cyber-attack damages by 2021.

Are you at risk? Still not sure?

Want to learn more? Take the first step to learn how to protect your Surveillance Network from hackers. Watch the short video below and get a simple introduction to Automated Cybersecurity.

Download the whitepaper "How to Automate Cybersecurity for Video Surveillance Networks" to:
• None Learn how to start protecting your Video Surveillance Network from hackers
• None Find out how Milestone VMS integrates with Razberi's CameraDefense automated Cyber-security Software
• None Learn how CameraDefense is a solution to common Video Surveillance challenges
Paladin is a leader in designing, procuring, installing and servicing Access Control Systems. By leveraging the best sourced products and our relationships with top manufacturers, we have been able to stay in the forefront of security technology.

Credential based Access Control Systems provide physical access control to secure spaces by utilizing individual permissions. This is accomplished with encrypted badges, bio-metrics, or facial recognition that is specific to each individual. Each form of authentication is assigned permission levels permitting or denying access into specific spaces. All access transactions can be monitored real-time and achieved for future reporting functions.

Access Control Systems, when integrated with other security systems, can function as your Security Management suite. When security platforms are integrated, Access Control events can be mapped with CCTV IP video stream. The integrated events can be seen live, streamlining guard reaction protocols and decreasing the time your staff takes responding to emerging threats. When integrated events are archived, the creation of case evidence timeliness is unassuming.

Access Control Systems can be integrated into various third party non-security related systems to streamline your business flow. Examples would be to automatically populate internal Human Resource databases, or upload to out-sourced payroll services. These third party interfaces can be designed and facilitated by our certified technical staff.

Ready for increased security? Let Paladin design a system for you today!
Paladin has been deploying Video Surveillance since their inception in 1990. The industry and technology has improved immensely over the years, and so has Paladin. With Paladins foresight, improving Video Surveillance Systems and the digital advancements in IP Networking, we have created best in class solutions for all our client needs.

Digital Video Surveillance enables end-users to monitor, live or recorded, closed capture video streams securely anywhere in the world. This is accomplished by deploying IP cameras throughout a physical area to be visually monitored and integrated into an IP Network. The encrypted video streams are managed through a Video Management System, which includes software and server recording hardware. Together these systems are extremely scalable to fit today’s needs and any future expansions that may be necessary.

When deploying IP cameras in any physical locations, many considerations must be thought through with the wide-array of camera manufactures and various integrated technologies embedded. Paladin’s design application specialist will choose the correct camera and analytic technology for your application. Additionally, Paladin will conduct an in-depth site survey to suggest the level of video management system that best fits your company’s needs.

Most Video Management Systems can integrate with your new or existing security systems that may already be deployed. Alarm points from various systems can trigger actions within your system to send live video streams to predetermined workstations, or send video clip recordings to specific email addresses. The level of integration is not only a powerful tool to streamline your business workflow, but allow more time to investigate current threats. All integration packages can be discussed with our Expert Sales Team during our next site visit.
Efficient package delivery receipts are important to facilities and Property Managers. Paladin has teamed up with Amazon to provide Key for Business – a new faster, more efficient way for Multi-Unit Apartment Buildings and Condominiums to receive Amazon packages.



Amazon Key for Business can help reduce the time you spend managing deliveries (up to 10 minutes per package according to the Wall Street Journal) and eliminate the stress of lost and stolen packages.
Reliable quality service is critical to every Facilities Manager!

Welcome to the Paladin Service Department where our priority is exceptional customer service.

The Paladin Service Department provides you with a complete full range of offerings with all the essentials needed to ensure that your facilities are up to date, compliant with codes, and running efficiently and safely.

Paladin is committed to delivering an exceptional customer experience. Our people make the difference. The Paladin Team of full-time service employees’ primary goal is your complete satisfaction!

Our Service Technicians receive the latest manufacture training on numerous major brands and are certified for all the manufacturer’s products we support, providing you with the best service in the industry! In addition, each of our Fire Alarm Service and Inspection Technicians carry State Fire Alarm Certifications and Licensing. Our Service Technicians not only possess the required know-how but are also equipped with the correct tools and equipment to ensure your system gets repaired correctly.
For 30 years our customers have come to depend on Paladin’s certified Inspection Team to keep their systems up and functioning correctly. Our team carries the highest level of licenses and certifications as well as an understanding of all codes. We assist customers with acceptance testing as well as annual, semi-annual, and quarterly inspections, as required by insurance and state and local codes. The Paladin Inspection Team is not limited by manufacturer or facility/project size as we service most major brands.

After years of performing inspections, we have separated ourselves from the rest of the industry. How has our team done this? Through our focus on customer satisfaction. After listening to our customers’ needs and wants, we have developed a program that provides them with one source to manage all of their inspection needs. So, what does this mean to you as a customer? Our customers no longer need to coordinate with multiple inspection contractors to keep facilities current with today’s Life Safety needs. Let us do the heavy lifting as we will monitor your inspections needs and contact you when your inspections are due. During this process, we will coordinate our Inspection Team around your facility’s scheduling requirements. We will also contact your local AHJ (Authority having Jurisdiction) and notify them when the inspection will commence as required by NFPA (National Fire Protection Association).



The separation does not stop there however. In 2016, our President at Paladin implemented a Cloud Based Inspection System called eVance by Honeywell to better serve all of our client’s needs. The implementation of this system eliminates the need to store or file paper copies of inspection results on premise, as you can simply access all of your inspection records in the cloud from anywhere, at any time, via a connected device. The eVance Cloud Based Inspection System contains a list of all inspection points that our Paladin Team needs to “Pass” or “Fail” which reduces the risk of missing critical inspection points during the process.



Let us move your inspection reports into the new age of document recording! Paladin offers all of our customers this web-based inspection reporting option. This system allows our team to customize the inspection reports to meet your specific facility and insurance requirements allowing you to easily keep your reports organized in one location. Our representatives are available to answer any questions that you may have regarding this system.
Quality Central Station Monitoring is a must. Paladin provides UL and FM approved Monitoring Services for both commercial and residential customers. Our wide portfolio of services allows us to provide Monitoring of your Fire Alarm, Intrusion, Elevators, and Area of Rescue Systems. In addition, our services can be used nationwide through our toll-free monitoring service.

Our team knows that technology is evolving and so are your monitoring needs. Paladin’s monitoring resources also include the ability to monitor your system over IP communications, radio, and cellular formats. POTs lines are going away. Let us help you reduce costs and add to your bottom line!
Businesses and organizations depend on their Security and Life Safety Systems to provide a safe and secure environment. It makes sense to keep your systems in optimum condition by taking advantage of Paladin’s comprehensive Service and Preventative Maintenance Plans.

Paladin provides maintenance solutions for all of the critical areas including: Fire Life Safety, Security, Intrusion, and Pro Audio/Video. Each maintenance solution is designed and customized to suit the specific needs of our customers.
Need some fast help with key product features? Check out the Instructional Videos currently on our site which include:





Check back for additional Instructional Videos for some of our popular product lines including:
Paladin’s Consulting Team can provide technical solutions, designs, project documentation, and management services to enhance your business’s workflow. Proper design does matter!

Contact Paladin today to schedule a meeting with one of our Experienced Professionals.
Businesses and organizations rely on critical equipment such as Security Systems, Life Safety, Communications, and Professional Audio/Video to efficiently operate their day to day activities.

Financing equipment allows you to obtain the equipment that you need NOW, without affecting your bank or credit lines. You need the right equipment to compete, be more efficient, and improve your security and safety.

• None BDA Systems must be tested and inspected every year.
• None A full RF Survey must be completed every 5 years. This is a requirement whether a BDA System was installed or not.
• None Some AHJ’s (Authority Having Jurisdiction) have additional requirements. They may require the site to be tested more often or any time a building undergoes renovations, additions or a change in occupancy to make sure the coverage has not changed. Paladin will assist in checking with your local AHJ if needed.

Below is a list of questions to help Paladin’s Design Team in setting up a RF Survey of your facility. Let our Certified, Trained Experts help you.

Please fill out the form below or call us today at (800) 332-0603!
How often does my Fire Alarm System need to be inspected? The National Fire Protection Agency (NFPA) requirements differ from facility to facility. Most facilities will require an Annual Inspection of the entire Fire Alarm System as per Chapter 14 of NFPA and minimally a Semi-Annual Inspection of system batteries. Reference (NFPA 14.4.3.2 item 9 inspection 4) It is important to note; some insurance companies have additional requirements that need to be factored into each inspection. Paladin recommends contacting your insurance company to provide you with their specific requirements for your facility. After you have gathered the required information, contact our certified Inspection Team and they will determine the best type of Inspection for your facility Contact Paladin today at 800-233-9500 to schedule your next state required Inspection.

My Fire Alarm Panel is in trouble and is indicating a Line One/Two Failure. What does that mean? A Line One/Line Two Failure trouble indicates that the Fire Alarm Panel is not communicating with your Central Monitoring Station service. (Your panel will be communicating over a dedicated set of phone lines.) Confirm that you have good communications to the Fire Alarm Panel on both phone lines. If your facility has experienced problems with your phone system, that is most likely the cause of the problem. If you cannot identify the problem or have communications to the Fire Alarm Panel but the trouble still exists, call Paladin at 800-233-9500 to schedule a service visit with one of our certified Fire Alarm technicians.

My Fire Alarm Panel is in trouble and is indicating a Loss of AC Power. What does that mean? A Loss of AC Power trouble indicates the Fire Alarm Panel is operating on battery only. First, check to make sure that the panel has AC power. If it does not, you will need to contact a licensed electrician for service. This type of trouble is often caused by lightning or power surges within the facility. If this is the case, call Paladin today at 800-233-9500 to schedule a service visit with one of our certified Fire Alarm technicians.

What should I do if my Fire Alarm panel is in a "trouble" condition? If you have identified that your panel is in trouble, your next step is to identify what type of trouble it is experiencing. Follow these steps: First, locate the acknowledge button on the panel. Press the button on the panel to continue and it will take you through all the trouble indicators that are currently on the panel. Second, identify the type of trouble the panel display is reporting. (Examples: Low Battery, Loss of AC, Communications Failure, Line One or Two Fail, Invalid Reply, Ground Fault, Drift Tolerance, Tamper Switch/PIV Active etc.) Call Paladin today at 800-233-9500 to schedule a service visit with one of our certified Fire Alarm technicians.
As part of its commitment to enhancing public safety, NFPA makes its codes and standards available online to the public for free. Online access to NFPA's consensus documents conveniently places important safety information on the desktops of traditional users as well as others who have a keen interest. NFPA is committed to serving the public's increasing interest in technical information, and online access to these key codes is a valuable resource.
• None View the list of NFPA's codes and standards.
• None Select the document you want to review.
• None Select the edition of the document you want to review.
• None Click the "Free access" link (under the document title)
• None You will be asked to "sign-in" or create a profile to access the document in read-only format .
Paladin offers Corporate Capabilities for organizations with multi-location projects across the US, Canada, Mexico, and Puerto Rico. This allows for one point of contact for installing and servicing all your locations.

Paladin is proud to be a member of the PSA Security Network and the National Deployment Program. PSA is a consortium made up of the most progressive Security and Audio Visual Systems Integrators in North America. Combined, PSA members boasts over 500 branch locations, employ over 7,500 industry professionals and are responsible for over $4.5 billion annually in Security, Fire, Life Safety and Pro Audio Visual installations.
Paladin is a certified systems integrator helping businesses, organizations, building managers, and schools to improve their Life Safety, CCTV, Access Control, Intrusion, Fire Alarm, and Professional Audio Video Systems. Since 1990, Paladin has worked with many local companies, architects, and the engineering community to develop custom designed system solutions across the Greater Cleveland and Columbus areas.

Today, Paladin also provides system planning and service for Pro A/V, Intercom, Central and Stadium Sound, Distributed Audio and Video, Area of Rescue, Apartment Entry, Nurse Call, Monitoring, System Inspections, and Service in all parts of Ohio.

Customers trust Paladin’s Team of certified professionals! As a company on the forefront of technology, our staff is ready to meet your needs with today’s latest technological solutions.

In addition, we have a fleet of 25 installation and service trucks backed by trained, experienced technicians that are ready to serve your needs. Paladin also offers complete facility inspections, including: Fire Alarm, Sprinklers, Fire Extinguishers, Kitchen Hood, Emergency Lights, and more.

Paladin is your One Stop source for all your Life Safety, Security, and Professional Audio Video solutions. No project is too big or too small!

Now that you know who we are, let’s work on your technology solution together.

Call Us Today at (216) 441-6500. We are ready to help!
- "Paladin service has been outstanding in terms of timeliness in responding to issues, problem determination, and resolution. The Service Technicians are also very thorough in identifying root causes and solutions and are friendly to work with." 

- Tom Turk - Holy Love Ministries

- "We have been in maintenance agreements with Paladin Protective Systems over the last five years and have been very pleased with the service. It feels good to always have a constant and consistent point of contact whenever we are in a crisis or just needing a routine question answered in a quick and timely fashion. The Service Techs are always courteous, knowledgeable, and professional, which puts you at ease knowing that the problem will be fixed correctly. I highly recommend the services!" 

- Brett McDonald (Security Supervisor) - South Franklin Circle

- "The support that Paladin provides has been without equal. They respond quickly whenever needed and act as a true partner to our efforts." 

- Paul Steiner, CPP (Security Manager) - Rock & Roll Hall of Fame

- "Paladin and its team of professionals ranging from Project Management to Field Technicians have been a pleasure to work with on the Carey Schools project. Their level of professionalism has shown through a great end product and a happy customer. Thank You for going above and beyond the standard." - Jason Arend (Senior Project Manager) - Vaughn Industries

- "I have had the opportunity to hire Paladin on numerous occasions and could not be more pleased with the results. From the quoting and design by John Davidson, to the planning and execution of the project performed by Stefan and Ben, the professionalism and quality could not have gone any better. I will be hiring Paladin for all my sound needs." 

- John Petro (Facility Manager) - Massillon City Schools

- "The process of working with Paladin to create systems that meet the expectations at Legacy Village is seamless and professional from conception to execution and service. Paladin is a valued partner that can be trusted to bring their “A” game on a consistent basis." 

- Gregg Goodwin (Operations Manager) - Legacy Village

- "Thank you for all that you did to hook up our PA System so quickly and efficiently. Our students and teachers are now safe." 

- Martha Dodd (Principal for Student Success) - Ss. Robert & William Catholic School
Medical Insurance – Paladin offers (5) plans to choose from to allow a customized plan for all employees
Please fill in all applicable fields. Once submitted, please allow 24-48 hours for a quote to be emailed to you. If Paladin has any additional questions, a representative will contact you at the information provided below. If you prefer to contact someone via phone, please call us at 1-800-332-0603 and ask to speak to a member of our Inspections Team.
Please fill in all required fields. Once submitted, you will be contacted within 24 hours. If you are requesting Emergency Service or you would like to speak to a live representative, please call Paladin at 1-800-332-0603 to better meet your Service or Sales needs.
