The Grunau Experience
Grunau Company has been the benchmark of excellence since 1920. From concept to commissioning, we have the expertise and experience to collaborate on your next project. You will find Grunau’s professional approach combined with our innovative use of the newest technology and work philosophies create a unique business relationship: The Grunau Experience. We are focused on your success and provide the best overall value to you and your project.
Grunau is a mechanical systems union contractor headquartered in the greater Milwaukee area who specializes in any size commercial or industrial project in a variety of industries. Check out industry specifics in our Project Gallery. The majority of our mechanical work is completed throughout southern Wisconsin as far west as Madison and as far north as Green Bay. However, client relationships have taken us all over the United States.
The Grunau Experience
Grunau Company has been the benchmark of excellence since 1920. From concept to commissioning, we have the expertise and experience to collaborate on your next project. You will find Grunau’s professional approach combined with our innovative use of the newest technology and work philosophies create a unique business relationship: The Grunau Experience. We are focused on your success and provide the best overall value to you and your project.
Grunau is a mechanical systems union contractor headquartered in the greater Milwaukee area who specializes in any size commercial or industrial project in a variety of industries. Check out industry specifics in our Project Gallery. The majority of our mechanical work is completed throughout southern Wisconsin as far west as Madison and as far north as Green Bay. However, client relationships have taken us all over the United States.
Careers at Grunau Company
When you apply for a job at Grunau Company, you are looking to join a work culture that values creativity, ethical behavior, trust, respect, and a drive to continuously improve. We empower our employees to make decisions based on the right information and goals of the Company. As one of the first companies to embrace Lean continuous improvement principles, we encourage new ideas and share best practices in a spirit of team camaraderie.
We understand the best ideas come from diverse backgrounds and abilities, so our workforce reflects this. Grunau values young talent and offers interns, co-ops, and apprentices the opportunity to develop their skills in real-world work environments.
Grunau also appreciates experience whether hiring a well-seasoned veteran, promoting from within the ranks, or congratulating a worker on their service anniversary. Grunau prides itself on the longevity of its employees and celebrates service starting at 10 years, and in subsequent 5-year increments; we’ve even celebrated 45 years of dedication!
Grunau is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Grunau Company is committed to equal employment opportunities for employees and candidates for employment. We support and will cooperate fully in the implementation of applicable laws and executive orders in all of our employment policies, practices and decisions.
No applicant or employee will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, gender, national origin or ancestry, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, medical condition including genetic characteristics, sexual orientation, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws.
About Grunau
Established in 1920, Grunau Company strives to build positive, long-lasting relationships. These unique relationships allow us to gain insight and knowledge about our customers, their businesses, and their objectives. As a result, our customers are comfortable working with us, and expect (and receive) excellent outcomes.
Mechanical Contractor Services
We help customers analyze how they can save time, money, and energy, and get the most value from a project. Grunau Company operates a number of trades under one roof, enabling us to offer design, installation, and service of the following systems:
Grunau Reviews & Testimonials
Grunau is showing their leadership in and commitment to LEED by putting forward their own resources to dedicate the space they work in on a daily basis to LEED certification.
- John Gilroy, Project Executive at Gilbane
All of your employees are very friendly, professional and a pleasure to work with!
- Jim Karls, District Manager at Stericycle
Your integrity and ability as a respectable mechanical company has been exhibited thoroughly. Nuvo Construction Company offers sincere appreciation to Grunau Company for their hard work, timeliness, and extension of services above and beyond what was required.
- Scott Farina, Project Manager at Nuvo Construction Company
I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for the expertise and experience that you have brought to the project. Your ability, and the abilities of your team members, has been instrumental in identifying many conflicts and issues for construction.
- Cindy Finstad, Project Manager at Mortenson
I wanted to express my appreciation for the flexibility that your crew showed during the equipment removal and placement for our Compound Management Services project at Sigma-Aldrich. Due to roof access constraints, the crew quickly shifted priorities and removed the exhaust fan before placing the make-up air unit, which was the reverse of their original plan. Your guys were well prepared, accommodating, and did a professional job and they should be commended as such.
- Gary Kok, Project Engineer at Sigma-Aldrich
I was amazed at the quality of work, cooperation, willingness to work together, and the professionalism of Grunau’s employees.
- David Hale, Project Engineer at HDR Architecture
Grunau was involved in the construction of many of our buildings and their continued involvement in the day-to-day operations of the facility continues to benefit Miller. The relationship our companies have enjoyed over the years is a testimony to the trust factor we have established and the values we share. The personal involvement by Grunau's management ensures a very high level of customer satisfaction.
- Tom Blaedon, Corporate Facilities Manager at Miller Brewing Company
Your field forces were some of the most competent individuals I’ve ever seen. [They] went way beyond the normal effort required to make a complex mechanical project successful.
- Gene Hult, General Superintendent at Gilbane
We saw how nicely aligned the transition from copper to pex was oriented...this work was done by Grunau Company; a great example of people who care about their work! This is standard for our team but it sure makes your Friday when you get to see the systems done properly, particularly when no one will ever see them again. Craft is alive and well!
- Matt Lutz, Founder at Flatwater Homes LLC
You should be proud of your staff for their exceptional service!
- Steven G. Chamberlin, Former President at CG Schmidt, Inc.
I wanted to express our thanks to Grunau's team for their help with the problems we are having with one of our surgery HVAC units. They located the parts and stayed late last night and again will this evening. They all really stepped up so we could continue to provide uninterrupted service to our customers. Thank you.
- Mike Connor, Director of Facility Operations at Aurora Health Care
Grunau Mechanical proved once again to be among the best and has been chosen as one of our top area subcontractors!
- Steven G. Chamberlin, Former President at CG Schmidt, Inc.
I cannot tell you how impressed we were with the commitment and service from each and every one of your staff. Due to your outstanding efforts, Milwaukee now has what is clearly a world-class facility.
- Steven G. Chamberlin, President at CG Schmidt, Inc.
When I take a look at this project after the fact, just from a safety, performance and value standpoint, Grunau did an excellent job. They exceeded my expectations. We had three contracts on this job and two of those contracts ended up costing less than what we originally expected. Grunau's people do a great job. Our whole team is looking forward to working with them again.
- Mark Lillesand, Senior Project Manager at CG Schmidt, Inc.
It is a real pleasure being in a business partnership with such a fine organization.
- Donald Anderson, Facility Manager at Accutec
Thanks for working safely, with good housekeeping practices and just being customer focused.
- Don Kostrzewa, Maintenance Manager at Veolia Water N America
You put forth a superb effort to reach our goal. I would like to thank you for the energy and cooperation in maintaining the overall construction schedule.
- Bruce F. Danek, Project Manager at CG Schmidt, Inc.
I can honestly say that Grunau is the only contractor that I have ever worked with that truly has the customer's best interests at the forefront of all that they do. I'm looking forward to a continued long-lasting successful partnership with Grunau.
- Steve Strzok, Facilities Services Manager at Metavante (now FIS)
I wanted to take the time to tell you how incredibly impressed I am with your employees. In my 26 years of service, working with several contractors, I have come to the determination that NO ONE compares or offers the above and beyond service that Grunau provides. While working at Metavante I was impressed with Grunau Company and once I took my position with Johnson Controls at Miller Park, it was apparent to me, I needed to bring Grunau on board.
My thanks to you and your team on an outstanding effort in repairing the Veolia Water South Shore Interplant Sewer. Grunau performed flawlessly in the safety arena; your team provided lean solutions when required as the project stalled and were professional start to finish. And showing up very quickly when called as the leak was discovered won't be forgotten quickly.
- Don Kostrzewa, Maintenance Manager at Veolia Water North America
All of your employees are very friendly, professional and a pleasure to work with!
- Jim Karls, District Manager at Stericycle
We are proud of the outcome and Grunau had a lot to do with its success!
The fire protection system at the Flint Hills Resources Milwaukee Terminal offered some unique challenges to Grunau, and they performed exceptionally at every turn. The site restrictions and customer expectations could not have been any higher, and the Grunau personnel rose above the restrictions and led the effort to complete, commission, and train the Owner on a system that they were not familiar with. Performance specifications can often prove difficult with subcontractors that are not familiar with a design-build firm, but Grunau provided excellent services and delivered on their promise. It was a pleasure to have the opportunity to work with the good people at Grunau.
- Eric Kirchhofer, Project Manager at Burns & McDonnell
Grunau Company did an outstanding job. How many companies can get a contract award one day and be on site the very next day?
- Andy Blomstrom, Superintendent at JP Cullen & Sons, Inc.
The experience and skill level of the Grunau team, combined with their concern for customer satisfaction and their respect for our budget, guarantees a job well done every time.
- Richard Nowakowski, Maintenance Supervisor for Housing at Milwaukee School of Engineering (MSOE)
Grunau Fire Protection should be recognized as part of the reason for the Marquette Interchange project's success. The standpipe system they designed was easy to install and the fabrication work done in Grunau's pipe shop was excellent. The Milwaukee Fire Department is extremely happy with this system.
I would like to extend a 'huge' thank you to the Grunau team for the effort that took place in fixing the water main break at our corporate headquarters. The team performed admirably and demonstrated your company's dedication to exceeding its customers' expectations. Please pass on my sincere thanks for a job well done.
I would like to compliment your guys who are working on the condensate line. They are very professional and continue to go the extra mile without me having to watch over them. Choosing Grunau is proving to be a great choice!!
We have been battling some issues over the last few days with our penguin temps, and Randy (your technician) has been here for us to troubleshoot our system. His dependability, patience and overall demeanor when he is here is the best. I know he understands how stressful it is for us when the welfare of our animals is threatened, and his cool head and calm demeanor give us all confidence that any troubles will be resolved quickly and effectively.
- Alex Waier, Bird Curator at Milwaukee County Zoo
Nuvo Construction Company, Inc. would like to offer sincere appreciation to the entire staff of the Grunau Company for their hard work, timeliness, and extension of services above and beyond what was required in recent projects.
Grunau Company and its employees have been an asset to the success of many of our projects, and will continue to be considered as a primary support in the future success of Nuvo Construction Company, Inc.
- Scott Farina, Project Manager at Nuvo Construction Company, Inc.
The accuracy, timeliness and detail of the information you provide is extremely valuable to us, and we owe a large part of our success to you. The abilities and professionalism of your staff gives you tools that very few other organizations have the ability to draw upon.
HVAC System Engineering & Contractor Services
Grunau designs, fabricates, and installs a wide array of HVAC systems for commercial, industrial, and institutional applications. Whether your project is large or small or somewhere in between, we will develop the best solution at the best value to you. We have experience beyond traditional systems and our Sheet Metal Shop can fabricate unique projects customized to your needs.
Plumbing Engineering & Installation
Plumbing has been Grunau’s specialty since 1920 and our expertise in plumbing design and installation comes from our many years of experience. Whether you need a water fountain in your office replaced or a whole plumbing system designed and built for a mega-sized hospital, Grunau is your valued resource. Our innovative approach to engineered plumbing systems ensures you have the best solution for your project.
Our extensive knowledge of code requirements ensures that your plumbing system will be safe, efficient, and functional. Once complete, your system can be spared future problems thanks to the Grunau Service team’s comprehensive maintenance and testing capabilities.
Process Piping Design & Installation
Grunau Company’s pipe fitters install all types and sizes of pipe in a wide array of commercial, industrial, and institutional applications. We utilize our Pipe and Weld Shops to complete prefabrication for more efficient and cost-effective installation on job sites.
Our proven performance with process piping design and installation has taken us into breweries, food and pharmaceutical plants, and wastewater treatment plants, to name a few. We can repair your existing systems or create brand new ones.
Electrical System Design & Installation
Grunau’s electrical team is capable of designing and installing any type of electrical system within our industries served, from temperature controls and energy-efficient lighting to wind turbines and solar photovoltaic systems.
Our electricians coordinate with our mechanical systems team to install the necessary electrical service and temperature controls to keep your equipment running efficiently. After we install controls, the Grunau Service team offers an electronic monitoring and response program. We will monitor your facility from our office, receive alarms, and respond quickly to problems to alleviate headaches for you. We view this as an extension of the partnership we build with our customers.
Refrigeration Contractors
Grunau is licensed for sales, service, and installation of commercial and industrial refrigeration equipment. Whether you have a walk-in cooler, ice cream freezer, or even a need to keep penguins cool, Grunau can service your units or design, fabricate, and install a new system to meet your requirements.
No job is too large or too small for Grunau’s refrigeration experts. We are one of the few Milwaukee-based industrial refrigeration contractors who can provide the right solution for your job.
Commercial and Industrial Refrigeration Capabilities:
Coolers & Freezers of All Types
Refrigerated Display Cases & Cabinets
Beverage Dispensers
Bar Cabinets & Glass Frosters
Vertical Air Curtains
Ice Machines
Certified ABS Piping
Advanced Low-Temperature CO2 Systems
… and more
Grunau is also an authorized service dealer for the following refrigeration equipment:
Sheet Metal & Duct Fabrication
Grunau’s sheet metal team fabricates ductwork of any shape or size in our own shop. Whether you need rectangular or spiral, kitchen exhaust or heavy gauge work, we offer the highest quality product. Our shop and installation teams work together to ensure the correct material is on-site when needed and prefabricated when possible for efficient project completion.
Underground Utilities Contractor
Grunau offers a unique service to our mechanical systems and fire protection customers with the integrated solution of underground utilities for new installation, remodels, and repairs. We’ve built quality customer relationships with many municipalities to service their underground systems since they can rely on our 24/7 dependability in emergencies.
Our teams of operators and laborers have the expertise, experience, and equipment to excavate within the smallest confines so your underground utilities are secure and reliable.
24/7 Service
24 hours per day, 7 days per week, Grunau’s Service technicians will get your commercial job done right. Grunau Service is committed to have the right tools, right people, and right service on your job. Grunau services all types of mechanical systems for SE Wisconsin commercial and industrial facilities.
Call us at 800.365.1920 as we’ve been happily servicing our customers for 365 days per year since 1920.
Value Added
We built Grunau Company with a customer-driven focus. We make every effort to understand our customer’s organization and their goals, which in turn allows us to become business advisors with our particular expertise in construction. Grunau believes that high-performing teams are essential to this philosophy, empowering our employees to work together to support our customers in any way possible.
Grunau has a wide array of customers and experience with all types of construction projects, including small, simple jobs and large, technically challenging projects. We’ve been fortunate to work with outstanding customers on some fascinating projects within the healthcare, education, food & beverage, office & data center, hospitality, manufacturing and warehouse, energy and industrial plants, and other fields where our team and experiences have been a perfect fit.
Grunau Safety Culture
Our ongoing corporate commitment to the safety and health of our employees is included in our Grunau Company Values that we live by each day. One of our highest accolades is when employees praise our culture as being the safest and most concerned for employees of any place they’ve ever worked.
Grunau’s safety culture includes:
Focus on keeping each other safe at work and home
Pre-planning to have the correct people, tools, and equipment to perform work safely
Grunau’s Lean Mission:
Grunau has applied Lean Construction principles and tools to all facets of our operation, including job sites, office, trucks, and shops. Another system that Grunau has experience with is Integrated Project Delivery (IPD). IPD projects are becoming more popular as the construction industry understands that working together collaboratively maximizes value.
Integrated Project Delivery (IPD)
Integrated Project Delivery (IPD) is a constantly improving approach to project delivery. Forward thinking owners, architects, and contractors like Grunau have long questioned the traditional processes of construction project delivery. Low-bid, plan/spec projects often create a climate where all parties try to protect their own interests in order to turn a profit. That climate has predictable consequences: decreased worker productivity, lengthened project schedules, and construction costs that are constantly on the rise.
On IPD projects, the individual’s success can only go as far as the entire team’s success; everyone succeeds (or fails) together. IPD projects are based on a foundation of collaboration, teamwork, and looking out for the best interest of the group. From the owner to the trade partners, everyone is a stakeholder in ensuring that the construction process is a success. Grunau’s core values align closely with the values of this process, and as such, we have been involved with successful IPD projects.
In many ways, the IPD approach is a reflection of Grunau’s own philosophy. We consider ourselves a resource to our customers instead of a mere commodity. IPD projects give Grunau the opportunity to do what we do best: bring value to our customers. We utilize tools like Pull Planning and Last Planner to achieve the customer’s goals. Grunau’s IPD track record is one of delivering a quality/usable product to our customer while coming in under our budgeted costs.
This track record, combined with our internal culture of continuous improvement, places Grunau at the forefront of prospective mechanical contractors on IPD projects.
Contact us when you are starting to plan a project using Integrated Project Delivery or lean construction methods to learn how we can be a valuable part of your team.
Preconstruction Services
Grunau’s professional engineers have a tremendous amount of experience providing preconstruction services, including the analysis and design of a wide variety of mechanical systems. Our staff is dedicated to working with you to find the appropriate solutions to your needs.
We’re not afraid to ask the hard questions that will help us understand and fulfill your vision. Our technical knowledge and experience help you get the most value for your money.
Our team’s collective experience delivering preconstruction services enables us to think strategically about your long-term needs and make decisions today that are also in your best interest tomorrow.
Building Information Modeling (BIM)
Building Information Modeling (BIM) is an all-encompassing acronym that means different things to different people. At Grunau, we’ve been using CAD software since 1985 to help lay out ductwork sheet metal in our fabrication shop. As BIM technology improved, so did our use of newer software to integrate more aspects of our business. We are now using BIM to build a virtual model of the mechanical areas in a building and then use embedded information to assist in designing, constructing, and maintaining buildings. The level of detail often includes underground utilities, above ceiling work, in-wall work, all pipe sizes, pipe and duct joints, all valves, drains and vents, insulation, hangers, code required and/or maintenance clearance zones. This Building Information Modeling technology revolves around cost and risk reductions to provide better value to our customers.
Some of the BIM tools we’ve used on various projects include:
Model HVAC, plumbing, and piping projects as 3-D intelligent solids for collision detection with other trades
Sustainability
LEED = Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
Grunau Company was the first mechanical contractor in Wisconsin to employ LEED Accredited Professionals (AP®) who are certified in the U.S. Green Building Council’s principles and techniques.
To better understand our customers’ green building requirements and provide them with a knowledgeable resource, Grunau Company went through the process of certifying its own headquarters and achieved LEED Gold status.
Going green is no longer a trend but has become a common-sense way to live. Grunau worked on many sustainable building projects that are environmentally responsible, profitable, and a healthy place to live and work. Indoor air quality, resource-efficient electrical & plumbing fixtures, solar, & geothermal systems are just a few of our specialties.
Contact us to learn how to improve the quality of life in your building.
Wisconsin Racine-Kenosha
Grunau’s mechanical services have expanded to Racine & Kenosha counties. In 2019, Grunau hired a well-qualified Caledonia resident as Branch Manager to run Grunau’s mechanical service division in our satellite office, within the same building as Flannery in Kenosha. As a full-service mechanical contractor, Grunau Company offers the Kenosha and Racine business communities planned mechanical maintenance, upgrades, and emergency repairs.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Grunau Company, Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, www.grunau.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Terms of Service
1. Terms
By accessing the website at www.grunau.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Grunau Company, Inc.'s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Grunau Company, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Grunau Company, Inc.'s website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Grunau Company, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
Further, Grunau Company, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Grunau Company, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Grunau Company, Inc.'s website, even if Grunau Company, Inc. or a Grunau Company, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Accuracy of materials
The materials appearing on Grunau Company, Inc.'s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Grunau Company, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Grunau Company, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Grunau Company, Inc. does not make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Grunau Company, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Grunau Company, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7. Modifications
Grunau Company, Inc. may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.
8. Governing Law
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of North Dakota and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.
Accessibility Statement
Accessibility Statement for Grunau Company, Inc. Website
Grunau Company, Inc.
is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities.
We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility standards.
Measures to support accessibility
Conformance status
The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) defines requirements for designers and developers to improve accessibility for people with disabilities. It defines three levels of conformance: Level A, Level AA, and Level AAA.
Grunau Company, Inc. Website
is
not assessed
with
WCAG 2.0 level AA.Not assessed
means that
the content has not been evaluated or the evaluation results are not available.
Feedback
We welcome your feedback on the accessibility of
Grunau Company, Inc. Website.
Please let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers on
Grunau Company, Inc. Website:
Technical specifications
Accessibility of
Grunau Company, Inc. Website
relies on the following technologies to work with the particular combination of web browser and any assistive technologies or plugins installed on your computer:
HTML
WAI-ARIA
CSS
JavaScript
These technologies are relied upon for conformance with the accessibility standards used.
Assessment approach
Grunau Company, Inc.
assessed the accessibility of
Grunau Company, Inc. Website
by the following approaches:
Northwestern Mutual Tower ~ Milwaukee
Grunau Company was selected by the general contractor team of Gilbane | C.G. Schmidt Inc. to provide mechanical contracting services for The Northwestern Mutual Tower and Commons built in downtown Milwaukee. Grunau provided HVAC and plumbing services for the facilities, which includes a 32-story office tower and three-story common space totaling more than 1.1 million square feet under one roof. Read the whole story in our attached case study "Grunau Helping to Build a Better Milwaukee".
Baird HQ Multiple Projects ~ Milwaukee
Robert W. Baird & Co occupies 14 floors in the US Bank Center in downtown Milwaukee. Baird has been renovating and upgrading over the course of several years and Grunau has been right along with them installing the plumbing work. Over the years, Grunau also completed HVAC and fire protection services for the Baird headquarters.
Badger Meter ~ Racine
Over the years, Grunau's process piping team has installed various production test lines for the manufacturer of flow measurement and control products. One of the oil test stands at Badger Meter's Racine, WI facility is pictured here in both the Grunau designed BIM version, as well as the completed installation.
WIlliam S Middleton Memorial Veterans Hospital ~ Madison
Grunau upgraded the heating and ventilation system at this Madison VA hospital. To avoid jeopardizing current research projects at this medical facility, Grunau was given a 24-hour window to shut down the old and start the new equipment. With coordination, preplanning, and innovative thinking, Grunau completed the final tie-ins and exchange within 10 hours.
Halliburton Surface Combustion ~ Lafayette, LA
Grunau's Milwaukee personnel traveled to Louisiana to complete this job for a Wisconsin customer, which goes to show we can be successful anywhere with our experience and ability to pre-plan. Our techs installed a Batchmaster furnace, Temper furnace, and 3 Quench tanks at this manufacturing plant.
Time Warner Cable ~ Milwaukee
Installed HVAC, plumbing, and fire protection in Time Warner Cable's offices in June 2001. In September 2011, recommissioned HVAC equipment and installed a comfort network system for better energy savings. In December 2012, Grunau prefabricated piping to efficiently install a new chiller system on the roof.
Target ~ Brookfield
For over 35 years, Grunau designed and installed mechanical and fire protection systems in new construction and store remodels throughout Southeastern Wisconsin, including plumbing at the new 135,000 sq ft store in Brookfield, WI.
Waukesha County Jail: Solar Water Heater ~ Waukesha
Installed rooftop 60'x60' thermal solar system with 56 panels to generate power to heat the jail's domestic water (approximately 3,000 gallons used per day). Grunau plumbers installed the new hot water solar system. Read more in the case study below.
Wilson Park Senior Center ~ Milwaukee
As a licensed Focus on Energy solar panel installer, Grunau installed solar panels, inverter, solar panel racking, meter, and all conduit and wiring for a complete solar photovoltaic system into an existing electrical service. Electricity produced utilized for mechanical equipment plus lights and general electric load.
US Army 88th Regional Support Command ~ Great Lakes Region
Maintenance and repair services and spring/fall seasonal changeovers for HVAC equipment at over 90 US Army Reserve Centers in the Five-state Great Lakes Region (Minnesota, Wisconsin, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio)
Grunau Location: Wisconsin Office
Owner: US Army
Contractor: Nuvo Construction
Testimonial: "Your integrity and ability as a respectable mechanical company has been exhibited thoroughly. Nuvo Construction Company offers sincere appreciation to Grunau Company for their hard work, timeliness, and extension of services above and beyond what was required." ~ Scott Farina, Project Manager, Nuvo Construction Company
Johnson Controls ~ Glendale
Installed Geothermal exchange system consisting of 272 each 300-feet deep wells, 2 underground vaults, associated piping and trenching / backfilling at world headquarters office which now has a LEED Platinum certification
Childrens Hospital of Wisconsin West Tower Expansion ~ Milwaukee
Plumbing and Medical Gas completed in a new 12-story tower with 96 patient rooms and 72 intensive care units. Grunau used BIM on this Design/Assist hospital project to complete on an efficient and agressive construction schedule. Read more in the case study below.
Marquette University High School & Chapel
Grunau designed and installed HVAC, Plumbing, and Fire Protection systems for this design/build remodel that included academic and chapel additions, plus converting an existing unused gymnasium into new science labs.
Northwestern Mutual Phase II ~ Franklin
When the insurance company expanded their Franklin Campus, Grunau once again stepped in to help with this Design/Assist project. Grunau completed installation and BIM design of HVAC, Plumbing, and Fire Protection. Read the case study below for more info on this expansion project.
Columbia St. Marys ~ Ozaukee
BIM, HVAC, and Electrical Temperature Controls completed on a 266,000 sq ft expansion to a gabled-roof hospital. Grunau continues the customer relationship with ongoing preventive Service and Maintenance at this medical facility. Read more about the expansion in the case study below.
Roundys Distribution Center ~ Oconomowoc
Installed HVAC and plumbing systems at this 1.1 million sq ft grocery and wholesale distribution complex.
Grunau Location: Wisconsin Office
Owner: Pabst Farms
Architect: Opus Architectural & Engineering
Engineer: Grunau Company
Testimonial: "I really enjoyed working with Grunau Company because I didn't have to worry about their quality work or whether they would finish on time. They knew the demanding schedule and completely exceeded any expectations." ~ Dan Nash, Opus North Superintendent for Roundy's Project
Northwestern Mutual: Mechanicals ~ Franklin
When Northwestern Mutual built a new campus in the southern Milwaukee suburb of Franklin, Grunau was hired to install the plumbing and HVAC in the half-million sq ft office complex, including an underfloor system for high efficiency and cost effectiveness. Read the case study below for more details.
Testimonial: The experience and skill level of the Grunau team, combined with
their concern for customer satisfaction and their respect for our budget,
guarantees a job well done every time. ~ Richard Nowakowski, Maintenance Supervisor for Housing, MSOE
Testimonial: "Grunau not only identified the problem of this badly corroded humidifier pan, but also suggested this cost effective and durable solution to what might have been a difficult replacement. It is innovative contributions like this that help solidify our partnership with Grunau." Tom Blaedon, Corporate Facilities Manager - Miller Brewing Company
Wells Fargo
Testimonial: "Grunau thought of an innovative way to complete this unique and complex project while respecting the businesses around our building. They were up to the challenge and really came through for Wells Fargo." Bryant Carter, Service Technician - Wells Fargo
St. Mary's Hospital - Ozaukee Expansion/Remodel
Testimonial: "I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for the expertise and experience that you have brought to the project. Your ability, and the abilities of your team members, has been instrumental in identifying many conflicts and issues for construction." Cindy Finstad, Project Manager - Mortenson
Milwaukee Art Museum
Testimonial: "I cannot tell you how impressed we were with the commitment and service from each and every one of your staff. Due to your outstanding efforts, Milwaukee now has what is clearly a world-class facility." Steven G. Chamberlain, President - CG Schmidt, Inc.
Miller Brewing Company / MillerCoors
Process Piping, Plumbing, HVAC, Underground Site Utilities, Service and Maintenance. Grunau Company has provided mechanical services to Miller Brewing Company/MillerCoors for over 50 years. This broad range of services includes all mechanical installations in six new breweries, as well as continuous service to Milwaukee breweries.
Testimonial: Grunau was involved in the construction of many of our buildings and their continued involvement in the day-to-day operations of the facility continues to benefit Miller. The relationship our companies have enjoyed over the years is a testimony to the trust factor we have established and the values we share. The personal involvement by Grunau's management ensures a very high level of customer satisfaction. ~ Tom Blaedon, Corporate Facilities Manager at Miller
