Sciens’s Market-Focused Safety Solutions
Sciens Building Solutions works with all types of industries, including commercial businesses, industrial factories, educational institutions, healthcare, government organizations, and many others to protect their people and secure their assets.
Commercial Office Solutions
Making the workplace safer and more secure
Commercial office buildings possess a unique set of challenges—high floors, evacuation protocol, mass communication and access control to name a few. Different buildings have different solutions when it comes to safety and security, so we design custom systems that protect employees and property while enhancing operations and reducing costs.
Sciens can help you identify risks, stay compliant with ever-changing code requirements and, most importantly, keep your people safe and secure.
Education Safety Solutions
Protecting what’s most important
There is nothing more important than the well-being of our children. Our priority is to create a safe and secure learning environment for your students and faculty. Sciens provides integrated life safety, security, communication and electrical systems that deliver total protection you can rely on in any situation.
From access management and surveillance to fire detection and mass alert notifications, our team of experts designs, installs and maintains integrated systems that evolve with your needs.
Government Security Solutions
Sciens understands the complexity surrounding the safety and security of government facilities. From military bases around the country to rural administration offices, the protection of people, property and critical data is crucial. As a one-source provider of integrated life safety, security, and electrical systems , Sciens has the knowledge and capability to do it all—design, fabrication, installation and maintenance. Our team of security experts has years of government contracting experience and the required security clearances to work in all environments.
Healthcare Safety Solutions
Creating safe places for patients to heal and for staff to work
When stakes are high and lives are on the line, turn to Sciens for a customized and fully integrated safety and security system. As a healthcare facility, your list of concerns and challenges can be long and profound, from access control and sensitive areas to valuable equipment and onsite parking garages.
Our team of engineers and technicians has the expertise required to design, fabricate, install and maintain the safety and security systems in a wide variety of healthcare situations. We are also well versed in Joint Commission accreditation and HFAP compliance.
Hospitality Safety Systems
Providing guests with peace of mind
In the highly-regulated hospitality industry, the safety of your clientele is paramount. People shouldn’t have to wonder about their well-being. Sciens helps protect your guests and employees while keeping your building secure via customized and fully integrated safety solutions.
Using advanced technology, our systems operate unobtrusively in the background without interrupting the customer experience or atmosphere.
Industrial Safety Solutions
Sciens takes a comprehensive approach to your building’s safety requirements. We understand that you have precise processes, complex chemicals, and specialized equipment and can design a building-wide integrated protection system that safeguards your people and secures property.
Our NICET-certified engineers have the experience necessary to solve the unique challenges of the industrial sector, ensuring your facility and operations remain safe and compliant.
Property Management Solutions
Streamlining safety and security systems
Property Management companies shoulder a diverse list of responsibilities. First and foremost is safeguarding the lives of your tenants, followed by the protection of the building itself.
As a one-source solution, Sciens can help you streamline your safety and protection systems for ease of operation, better tenant security and safety, and increased insights into the monitoring and control of your building.
Retail Industry Solutions
Enhancing safety and efficiency so your business thrives
Protect people, property, data and cash via an integrated safety and security system designed, installed, and monitored by the experts at Sciens.
Our custom fire detection and prevention systems keep patrons and employees safe, while our security solutions enhance efficiency and reduce internal and external theft. We’ve put together the best team in the industry to ensure your building is code compliant and your business remains crime-free.
Technology Security Solutions
Optimizing safety and security when speed matters
At Sciens, our focus is life safety and continuity for your business. When you have high-value and mission-critical assets, a fire safety and security management system protects people, digital assets, sensitive equipment and valuable investments.
The shortest of downtimes can have considerable financial consequences. Minimizing the risk of fire damage and security threats are top priorities when we coordinate your protection with a customized and fully-integrated safety and security system.
Transportation Industry Safety Solutions
Keeping the world moving
With people and cargo from all over the world moving in and out, security is of the utmost importance in the transportation industry. Our custom integrated fire, security and communications systems are designed to protect your passengers, staff, goods and property.
The experts at Sciens have years of specialized training in product design and application for complex infrastructures, ensuring compliance and maximum safety and security so you can keep the world moving.
Explore Careers at Sciens
Be part of something significant
At Sciens, we take our mission to protect seriously. Every day we embrace the fresh challenge of making the world a safer place. There’s something special about knowing that the hard work and talent of our people saves lives and safeguards buildings.
Sciens is a diverse group of bright and talented people who thrive on thinking bigger and working together to provide peace of mind for our customers. We acknowledge and value our differences, as well as our combined strengths.
Come make a difference with us.
We believe it’s possible to do meaningful work while also enjoying the work you do. We’re eager to help you strike that balance, where you can bring your skills and ideas to the workplace, do what you love, and love what you do...all while having fun.
Sciens offers a wide range of benefits, including:
Competitive salary
Comprehensive healthcare coverage (medical, dental and vision)
Life and disability insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Commuter Benefits
PTO and paid holidays
Dependent care
401(k) with company match
We’re in a period of tremendous growth and always searching for the right people to join our already amazing team. Take a look at our current openings.
